# CoSAI Public Sector Committee Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

## Date: 9 December 2024

**Present:** Nils Tracy (Blinder), Jeffrey Borek (IBM), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Christy Hayashi (Blinder), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), David LaBianca (joined for the last 10 minutes)

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), 


## Summary
The two Co-Chairs, Jeff Borek and Nils Tracy opened the meeting and welcomed everyone. Kelly mentioned that there is no need to establish quorum during the meeting because the [PSC governance](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/PUBLIC-SECTOR-COMMITTEE-GOVERNANCE.md) defines that all decisions are made by lazy consensus.

Jeffrey and Nils then discussed the committee's purpose and responsibilities. As a basis for discussing key issues and questions for this committee, they provide the group with a document which is available in the shared PSC folder.

They clarified that the committee's focus is not on regulatory or legislative matters, but rather on defining and documenting how members and contributors engage and interact within the sector. The PSC’s mission is not to advocate for specific policies, but to explain CoSAI's existence and activities to policymakers. Sarah suggested creating a matrix to simplify the organization's work with different types of organizations and messages and offered to start this document.

Jeffrey proposed to work with personas to identify different audiences and to categorize them. He also suggested work asynchronously between the PSC meetings. 

There was a question regarding collaboration tools. Kelly encouraged the PSC members to make use of the PSC folder in the CoSAI Google Drive, and the PSC mailing list. There is also a private Slack channel for informal discussions.

The group agreed to meet again on January 6 and to have a matrix and set of personas in terms of the audiences they're targeting by then. The larger PGB will also be asked to review and provide input on a list of questions related to the project's value proposition. It was also suggested to review and use the white papers that are being worked on by the three CoSAI workstreams.

## Next steps
* All PSC and PGB members to review the launch document with initial questions and provide recommendations on how CoSAI should focus on representing public policy. Comments should be added directly to the document linked above.
* Sarah to start creating a matrix to organize different entities, engagement approaches, and messages for CoSAI's public policy strategy.
* Kelly's team to send out meeting documentation, schedule the next meeting for January 6th, and draft communication for the PGB.
* Jeffrey and Nils to work on identifying personas and different audiences for CoSAI's policy engagement.
