## CoSAI PSC March 3, 2025 Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

**Present:**  Nils Tracy (Blinder), David LaBianca (Google), Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Manish Garg (VE3), David Girard (Trend Micro), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Mitch Herkis (Wiz), Scott Kelso (Lenovo), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft),

**Regrets:** Jeffrey Borek (IBM), Sean Lee (Intel), Christy Hayashi (Blinder), Sarah Liang (EY), Vinay Bansal (Cisco), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Elad Schulmann (Lasso Security), JR Rao (IBM), Jay White (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Sarah Novotny (GenLab)

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Juliana Ball (Intel \- Marketing Committee co-chair), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS)

## Agenda

* Progress Update on the following:  
  * [CoSAI PSC Pillars & Matrix](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yqLF0v4MhjKzSbngsvRmUjkjEmYRZsNv/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=106533664840672143913&rtpof=true&sd=true) document.  
  * PSC to review and update engagement strategies over the next 3-6 months.  
* Committee members collaboration/refinement of the draft overview, [PSC Mission & Core Objectives](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JYD8wqtdnil1tEiUW-3-H2nVzr6Yawpd/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=106533664840672143913&rtpof=true&sd=true).   
* Submit PSC focus and initial plans to the PGB when appropriate.  
* Presentation materials for the Paris Peace Forum event.  
* Should a form Policy Reactionary Committee be formed?

## Summary

* The committee welcomed Dan Carroll (Cranium AI) and Rob Michel (Lenovo) who introduced themselves.    
* Marina, Josiah, and Sarah worked on adding and prioritizing agencies and standard-setting bodies to the PSC pillars and matrix. Participants were encouraged to contribute to the matrix.  
* Josiah suggested a process for tracking ongoing engagement activities and providing materials in advance.   
* Nils noted that engagement is already occurring before a cohesive strategy is finalized. They proposed that the marketing committee, which handles event documentation, could aid in tracking efforts.    
* Nils will work with the marketing team to coordinate existing efforts with the PSC's goals.  
* David L. suggested engaging with NIST's AI profile for CSF as a potential test case for PSC's engagement strategy.  
* Nils proposed developing a targeted plan to outline engagement approach.    
* Forming a NIST working group to discuss strategy and coordinate efforts was suggested.  Please email Nils if interested in joining the group.   
* David L. clarified the PSC's focus on public sector standards and regulatory matters, distinguishing it from policy and legislative engagement as well as highlighting that the PSC's scope does not include policy or legislative work.  
* The creation of a policy reactionary committee was discussed, explaining that the evolving policy landscape might necessitate a responsive committee. The final decision was postponed to the PGB meeting.

## Next steps and action items

* Marina Zeldin to reach out to contacts at the University of Texas and University of San Antonio to explore collaboration opportunities and provide an update at the next meeting.  
* Nils Tracy to discuss with the marketing committee coordination of ongoing engagement activities with the PSC's work and create a process for providing materials in advance of engagements and tracking ongoing activity.  
* The group will review and clarify the scope of the PSC, ensuring it focuses on public sector standards and regulatory issues.  
