# CoSAI Public Sector Committee Meeting Minutes 

## Date: 07 April 2025 -- DRAFT

**Present:** David LaBianca (Google), Jeffrey Borek (IBM), Manish Garg (VE3), Nils Tracy (Blinder), Halak Shrivastava (Cohere), Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), 

**Regrets:** Marina Zeldin (Dell), David Girard (Trend Micro), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Mitch Herkis (Wiz), Scott Kelso (Lenovo), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Sean Lee (Intel), Christy Hayashi (Blinder), Sarah Liang (EY), Vinay Bansal (Cisco), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Elad Schulmann (Lasso Security), JR Rao (IBM), Jay White (Microsoft), Omar Santos (Cisco), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Sarah Novotny (GenLab)

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), 

## Agenda

* NIST Engagement/NIST response working group  
* Feedback on the high-level PSC mission statement

## Summary

* **NIST Engagement:** The primary focus was strategizing engagement with NIST regarding their call for action on the CSF AAI profile work.  The group discussed forming a focused working group to address NIST's request, prioritizing this over broader public sector engagement due to the direct interest from NIST.  They agreed that a concise framing document outlining COSI's approach to NIST engagement would be created, followed by outreach to the PGB to identify interested participants.  Jeffrey and Nils agreed to collaboratively draft a preliminary version of this document.

* **Policy Discussion:**  A significant portion of the discussion centered on the evolving need for a CoSAI policy response to the increasing amount of AI legislation. While previously hesitant to take a proactive policy stance, they now recognize a potential need for a reactive approach, suggesting a workshop involving policy specialists from member organizations.  This is to be discussed further in the upcoming PGB meeting.  The Public Sector Committee (PSC) focus is on public sector engagement related to standards bodies.

* The group briefly acknowledged the impact of state-level AI legislation.  They agreed that this should be a focus outside of immediate NIST engagement.

## Next steps and Actions

* Nils and Jeffrey will collaborate asynchronously on a straw man proposal for the NIST engagement, outlining what good engagement with NIST looks like, and send it to the PGB to solicit participation in a focused group to respond to the NIST call to action, focusing on standards and the benefits of CoSAI.  
    
  
