## CoSAI PSC February 3, 2025 Meeting Minutes -- DRAFT

**Present**: Nils Tracy (Blinder – co-chair), Jeffrey Borek (IBM – co-chair), Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), Sarah Novotny (GenLab), David LaBianca (Google), Marina Zeldin (Dell)

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Jim Cabral (OASIS), Vinay Bansal (Cisco), Sarah Liang (EY), Hsien-Hsin “Sean” Lee (Intel), Christy Hayashi (Blinder)

## Agenda

* Follow up on the next steps from the January 13 meeting:  
  * Sarah and Marina to create and share an initial matrix of public sector groups and their areas of interest by next Monday.  
  * Jeff and Nils to draft a document outlining the Public Sector Committee's focus, purpose, and approach.  
  * All committee members to review and contribute to the shared matrix document once it's available.  
  * David to present the Public Sector Committee's focus and initial plans to the PGB  
  * PSC to revisit and update engagement strategies over the next 3-6 months  
  * OASIS staff to schedule next PSC meeting in two weeks.  
* Review the Review [PSC Mission & Core Objectives](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JYD8wqtdnil1tEiUW-3-H2nVzr6Yawpd/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=106533664840672143913&rtpof=true&sd=true)

## Summary

* The team discussed the need for quick action to firm up their strategy for the next five months. They agreed on the importance of collaboration with the TSC and the Project Governing Board to get direction on prioritization.   
* Jeffrey introduced the Public Sector Committee's mission to foster informed and effective public policies that support secure AI development and deployment.   
* The committee's objectives include educating regulators, monitoring emerging regulatory actions, and responding to requests for guidance.   
* The committee's focus is primarily on North America, the EU, and AP.   
* Dave suggested that the group should edit the document collectively, expressing concern about the emphasis on regulators. Jeffrey agreed to this collaborative approach, emphasizing the need for a balance between being reactive and proactive. The committee plans to work on the document in real-time to reach a consensus.

* Jeffrey discussed the need for the committee to review and contribute to the shared matrix document and present the Public Sector Committee's focus and initial plans to the main governing board with a goal to have PSC documents substantially complete within the next two weeks.   
* Jeffrey also mentioned the AI Action Summit in Paris, where Josiah and Marco Figuera will present on CoSAI including an update on work stream activities as well as information about the Public Sector Committee.   
* The  [Event Roadmap for 2025](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nxH1uvE5qe9mIy7AosbkpY6FpvPlpc3Y/edit?gid=130796070#gid=130796070) was shared with the group.  

## Next steps and action items

* All committee members to review and contribute to the [CoSAI PSC Pillars & Matrix](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1S4tWOndcLQCiK1RL9FNb0EQpPmKBSxggmQmN8Bs2ofY/edit?gid=0#gid=0) document.  
* David to present the Public Sector Committee's focus and initial plans to the PGB when appropriate.  
* PSC to review and update engagement strategies over the next 3-6 months.  
* All committee members to collaborate on and refine the draft overview, [PSC Mission & Core Objectives](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JYD8wqtdnil1tEiUW-3-H2nVzr6Yawpd/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=106533664840672143913&rtpof=true&sd=true) within the next two weeks.  
* Josiah to keep Sam Kaplan updated with presentation materials for the Paris Peace Forum event.
* Determine PSC meeting cadence. 

