# CoSAI PGB Meeting 

## Date: 3 November 2025

**Present:** Marina Zeldin (Dell), David Girard (Trend Micro), David LaBianca (Google), Omar Santos (Cisco), Jennings Aske (Sailpoint), Nidhi Aggarwal (HackerOne), JR Rao (IBM), Konstantin Böttinger (Fraunhofer AISEC), Manish Garg (VE3), Matt Saner (Amazon), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Sarah Liang (EY), Art Ehuan (Duke), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), Jason Clinton (Anthropic \- left 20 min. in), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI \- joined 20 min.), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA \- joined 30 min. in), 

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Manoj Parmar (Sovereign AISecurity), Markus Sosnowski (TUM), Matan Getz (AIM), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto Networks), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Rahul Parwani (Airia), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Sharath Rajasekar (Javelin), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Vincent Gebes (GenLab)

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Christian Falco (TrojAI alternate), Casey Hall (Marketing Committee co-lead), Jeff Borek (IBM alternate – joined 23 min. in)

*Quorum: 41 PGB members, 32 are currently eligible to vote and count towards quorum: 17 needed for quorum*

## Agenda

* Governance update reminder: [shortened approval process](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#deliverables-and-approval-process) and [attendance rules](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/oasis-open-project/blob/main/STANDING-RULES.md)   
* Discussion and potential call for consensus for non-sponsor TSC seat for AI Alliance  
* Follow up on discussion in ExStC meeting: Review of mission to include the "flywheel" approach for workstreams (control map and a materialized example)  
* Short update on policy workshop proposal  
* TSC update   
* Cisco's Project CodeGuard update  
* AOB

## Summary

* **Welcome and Introduction of New Member**  
  * David L. welcomed Jennings Aske from Sailpoint, who was joining the meeting for the first time. Jennings introduced themself as the Deputy CISO at Sailpoint, leading the company's approach to securing AI product security.    
* **Approval of Updated Governance Rules**  
  * David L. announced the approval of the vote on the updated governance rules, which are detailed in the above linked documents. David L. explained that the changes primarily shorten the approval process by overlapping and shortening some windows, and the attendance rules for PGB are now also applied to TSC. He thanked everyone for completing the vote, stating that the new rules allow the group to move forward more quickly and facilitate quicker decisions on output. 
* **Proposal to Table the Policy Workshop**  
  * David L. and Omar proposed to table the policy workshop due to the complexity and recurring delays in convening the necessary audience. Omar agreed, noting that most policy experts are already working together in different forums, suggesting it is time to postpone this unless there are significant objections. No immediate objections were raised, affirming the decision to table the discussion for the time being.  
* **Flywheel Approach for Workstream Outputs**  
  * David L. presented the "flywheel for the workstream approach" initiative, which aims to expand the group's output beyond just white papers. This approach has been shared to the PGB and TSC mailing lists. The cycle begins with writing guidance, which then must be materialized in a control embedding within the CoSAI risk map, covering all new risks and controls. The third stage mandates that something tangible and usable by the audience, like a config file or script, should result from each new white paper to make the work more practical and increase audience engagement. David L. noted that this cyclical approach provides crucial feedback for future scoping decisions by the TSC and workstreams.  
  * David L. shared a personal vision for the CoSAI work to eventually lead to a checklist or guidance that defines the basics for AI system security, acting as a minimum bar for a secure system. He clarified that this is currently a viewpoint for guidance, not a formal standard, but it would align with existing workstreams like WS1's focus on maturity levels and WS4's efforts on baseline security for MCP. Jason supported the virtuous cycle concept.  
  * Marina expressed strong support for the flywheel approach but raised concerns about the need for resources, tools, and different skill sets to move beyond best practices and develop tools or code samples. She gave an example from the incident response framework, suggesting that to develop pragmatic incident detection tools, access to source data for analysis would be needed. David L. acknowledged that moving beyond white papers requires attracting more diverse expertise, including software engineers, and that the current tooling requirement is limited to "one thing to do with each paper" to gain experience while recognizing the group's current structure.  
  * David L. emphasized that the group needs to continue attracting new domain experts as workstreams evolve, citing discussions on identity experience for agentic identity in WS4 as an example. He concluded that the transition to tools must be a "crawl walk run bit," starting with finding anything that can be implemented to understand the practical aspects and costs of the work, rather than immediately addressing the biggest gaps.   
* **Proposal for Donating Cisco's CodeGuard Project**  
  * Omar introduced Cisco's open-source project, CodeGuard, designed to enforce security best practices for AI coding agents. Omar sought feedback from the PGB on the feasibility of donating CodeGuard to CoSAI, especially in the context of its evolution.   
  * David L. suggested that Omar create a formal, simple pitch proposal detailing the expected work, positives, and current challenges of the donation for the PGB to formally act on, aiming to expedite the decision-making process. Omar confirmed that Cisco's donation would be supported by dedicated resources, such as software engineers and ongoing work on documentation and tutorials, ensuring the project would continue to be actively maintained.  
  * Marina highlighted that a decision on CodeGuard would be easier if the proposed WS5 concerning security of AI generated code, was clearly defined. J.R. confirmed that a proposal for WS5, covering the security of AI generated code and the agent development lifecycle, is in development, and they agreed to share visibility into this proposed workstream with the PGB alongside the CodeGuard proposal to provide greater clarity.   
  * Morgan emphasized the need to align on the purpose and maximum value of the adopted output, questioning if IDE-specific rules provide the broadest utility, which Omar clarified is not the ultimate intent of CodeGuard.  
  * Daniel expressed the need to capture the collective wisdom of the ecosystem into a single space where rules and guidelines can be consumed and contributed back to, suggesting that CoSAI could motivate this collection.  
  * Daniel proposed creating a "watering hole" for consumption and contribution to foster a virtuous cycle of additions and growth, improving the rule set over time, and mentioned using marketing dollars for hackathons to expand the repository. Omar affirmed that the main reason for moving the project out of Cisco was to develop a generic framework that could be "crowdsourced," and discussed finding a balance between using rules, MCP servers, and the context windows of models.  
* **TSC Update and Work Stream Progress**  
  * J.R. Rao provided a brief update, noting a good pipeline set up through the beginning of next year, with the current focus being on the MCP security paper. Marina inquired about the identity work, and J.R. confirmed it is the second paper lined up after the MCP security paper from WS4, expecting it to be completed soon thereafter. J.R. also mentioned efforts to develop and staff a fifth work stream, which will be completed in the next few weeks.  
* **AI Alliance Collaboration Next Steps**  
  * Jeffrey Borek reminded the group of the conclusion reached at a prior PGB meeting to establish an informal relationship with the AI alliance, including a role on the TSC for an AI alliance representative, which required PGB approval. Claudia suggested that this could be handled through a call for consensus to the mailing list, as there were no objections raised previously. Omar proposed opening the consensus period by the end of the current week and finishing it by the end of the following week to finalize the decision before the next PGB meeting.

### Next Steps

* Omar will write up a  concrete proposal on what Code Guard would bring to CoSAI for PGB to formally act on the potential donation of CodeGuard.  
* David L., Omar, Claudia will work offline to get to a call for objection for formally putting the virtuous cycle proposal in place as part of the workstream output  process.  
* J.R. and David L. will ensure they bring to PGB both the CodeGuard donation proposal and the proposed WS5 that would contain it as one larger proposal.  
* Claudia to open a call for consensus to the mailing list by the end of this week, to be finished by the end of the following week to offer a non-sponsor TSC seat to the AI Alliance
