# CoSAI PGB Meeting 

# Date: 14 October 2025

**Present:** David Girard (Trend Micro), David LaBianca (Google), Nidhi Aggarwal (HackerOne), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Art Ehuan (Duke), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Omar Santos (Cisco), Sharath Rajasekar (Javelin left 30 min. in), JR Rao (IBM), Konstantin Böttinger (Fraunhofer AISEC), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Jonathan Begg (Fr0ntierX), Sarah Liang (EY), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA \- joined 20 min. in),

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Elad Schulman (Lasso Security), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Manish Garg (VE3), Manoj Parmar (Sovereign AISecurity), Markus Sosnowski (TUM), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Matan Getz (AIM), Matt Saner (Amazon), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto Networks), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Rahul Parwani (Airia), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Umaimah Khan (Opal Security), Vidyut Naware (PayPal), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Vincent Gebes (GenLab)

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Casey Hall (MC co-chair), Christian Falco (TrojAI alternate), Josiah Hagen (TrendMicro alternate), Jeffrey Borek (IBM alternate), Scott Kelso (Lenovo alternate), Joy Medellin (MC co-chair)

*Quorum: 42 PGB members, 31 are currently eligible to vote and count towards quorum: 16 needed for quorum*

## Agenda

* Collaboration with AI Alliance, follow-up discussion  
* Policy Strategy Update \- at the next Nvidia GTC in Santa Clara in March 2026?  
* Short discussion about Governance updates  
* Update from Marketing Committee  
* Update from TSC  
  * preview of potential new workstream "AI-assisted code security"  
* AOB

## Notes

* **Introductions of New Participants**  
  * Omar initiated introductions, welcoming new participants. Art Ehuan from Duke University introduced themself as the head of the Master of Engineering in Cybersecurity program, highlighting the recent launch of an AI security track. Sharath Rajasekar, CEO and co-founder of Javelin, an AI security startup, expressed his excitement to contribute their research to the CoSAI community. Casey Hall from Cisco, co-chair of the CoSAI marketing committee, also introduced themself. Christian Falco from TrojAI also joined the introductions.  
* **Collaboration with the AI Alliance**  
  * Jeff provided an update on the AI Alliance, an initiative launched by IBM at the end of 2023, focused on diversity in the AI ecosystem, including trust and safety. He explained the proposal for a no-cost cross-membership agreement between CoSAI and the AI Alliance to formalize their relationship and avoid duplicating security work, emphasizing collaboration over siloing efforts.   
  * Omar raised questions about the benefits of a formal alliance versus a more informal approach, suggesting that a series of publications or statements could be more efficient than lengthy legal processes. Jeff affirmed openness to lightweight and flexible approaches to avoid burdensomeness. Jason supported a lightweight approach to avoid overcomplicating CoSAI collaborations and to maintain clarity by directing people to the appropriate forums for security versus non-security AI risks. Kelly questioned the administrative benefit of a formal lightweight agreement over simply involving individuals in workstreams and mailing lists, seeking clarification on how a formal relationship provides more clarity than individual participation.  
  * Jason proposed that Jeff draft a straightforward, single-paragraph proposal outlining the intended collaboration, which Jeff accepted as an action item.  
* **Policy Strategy Event**  
  * Omar brought up the NVIDIA GTC in Santa Clara, scheduled for March 2026, as a potential venue for CoSAI's policy discussions. Daniel confirmed the event usually has a government and policy track and offered to connect CoSAI with the planning organization, suggesting that even a meetup at the event could be valuable. Omar proposed to socialize ideas for an attractive agenda to the PGB within the next couple of weeks to gauge momentum for participation, otherwise, the focus would shift to the next 12-month strategic elements. Jason clarified that public speaking opportunities would be preferred over booth space at the event.  
* **Marketing Committee Updates**  
  * Casey provided updates from the marketing committee, including plans for a podcast initiative featuring CoSAI members and guests in fireside chats, and the launch of a YouTube channel to increase the cadence of communication beyond white papers and blogs. He also committed to providing metrics on the traction of recent CoSAI releases. Daniel emphasized the need for a stronger amplification strategy, suggesting closer collaboration with the marketing teams of member organizations to leverage their reach. Casey reiterated the call for more organizations to have representatives on the marketing committee.  
  * Jason prompted Casey to define CoSAI's core message for marketing efforts. Casey explained that the podcast's vision is to discuss salient topics in AI security, showcasing intelligent conversations rather than direct self-promotion, and seeking input from experts on hot topics. Jason suggested a message framing AI as the most transformative technology since the industrial revolution, with CoSAI providing essential insights into the security concerns relevant to this transition. Omar emphasized that CoSAI's impact stems from its authoritative position and the quality of its deliverables, including discussions on roadmaps, strategic priorities, and providing industry guidance and tools.  
* **TSC Update**  
  * J.R. provided an update on the TSC's progress. The Incident Response paper from WS2 is finalized and undergoing review and TSC voting before the final PGB approval. WS2's next task is to finalize the shared responsibility framework. WS4’s MCP security paper is imminent for publication after TSC review and voting. WS 4 is reducing the agentic identity paper to 24 pages, anticipating it will be an important paper for 2026\. WS1 is collaborating with WS4 on MCP registries and gateways, focusing on security practices, a topic proposed by Andre.  
  * J.R. mentioned discussions within the TSC about defining minimum AI security standards for 2026, similar to SALSA levels for software supply chain security, to support an AI security maturity model, a proposal by David L. Google is also donating data underlying the SAIF framework for AI risk assessment and their contextual agent privacy security manager tool.  
* **New Workstream Proposal: AI Assisted Development Security**   
  * Omar introduced the proposal for a new workstream dedicated to AI-assisted code security, aiming to provide guidance, tools, specifications, and potential standards for securing software engineering workflows in the context of AI-driven changes. J.R. highlighted the increased productivity of developers using LLMs and AI in development environments, emphasizing the need to address security concerns from tool selection and vetting to ensuring code quality generated by AI and human collaboration. David G. suggested a "vibe coding rule advisor" tool or plugin could be a popular publicity tool for CoSAI.  
  * Jason advocated for focusing the new workstream on agentic AI capabilities rather than IDE-based co-pilot functions, arguing that the true impact on security will come from autonomous AI in continuous integration/delivery environments, which requires a different security paradigm, treating AI as an "insider threat" requiring second eyes. David L. echoed this, emphasizing the need for very specific proposed artifacts for the workstream to ensure agreement on its scope. J.R. acknowledged Jason's perspective.  
  * Daniel emphasized that AI agents like Cursor represent a significant area for development and pose a challenge regarding security. He expressed concern that current efforts lack meaningful recommendations or practical artifacts for deploying and securing systems, advocating for a shift from white papers to actionable guidance. Omar concurred, suggesting that this workstream should focus on embedding security within automated workflows rather than producing lengthy documents.  
  * Omar observed that the current modus operandi in the industry, involving human developers using tools like VS Code Copilot, will likely continue for some time. He also highlighted the rapid evolution of security, noting that what was relevant six months ago may no longer be, and urged security teams to adapt their focus.  
* **Governance Document Review**
  * David L. reminded participants to review the governance document, stating that it had been open for comments long enough and a decision on its future was imminent. He thanked those who had provided feedback and specifically addressed Daniel, confirming receipt of his feedback.  
* **Midmarket and SMB Focus**  
  * Jeff proposed that the next PGB meeting discuss how to assist midmarket and small to medium businesses (SMBs) with AI and security concerns, as most current discussions focus on large enterprises. 

## Action Items and Next Steps

* Daniel will start internal conversations to explore opportunities for CoSAI to intersect with the government and policy track at the Nvidia GTC in March.  
* Omar will socialize to the PGB within the next couple of weeks whether there is sufficient momentum for a good agenda for the government affair folks at GTC.  
* Jeff will share a draft proposing a lightweight collaboration between CoSAI and the AI Alliance with the PGB co-chairs and OASIS staff.  
* Casey will put together metrics on the traction of CoSAI's recent releases.  
* Jeff will provide input on the issue of what can be done for the midmarket and SMB for the next PGB meeting.

