# CoSAI PGB Meeting 

## Date: 8 December 2025

**Present:** David LaBianca (Google), Omar Santos (Cisco), Jian Wang (Huawei), David Girard (Trend Micro) Sarah Liang (EY), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Ariana Fowler (EQTY Lab), Kevin Ha (CipherData), Konstantin Böttinger (Fraunhofer AISEC), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Nidhi Aggarwal (HackerOne), J.R. Rao (IBM), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft \- joined 30min in), 

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Art Ehuan (Duke), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), Jennings Aske (Sailpoint), Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer)vi, Manish Garg (VE3), Manoj Parmar (Sovereign AISecurity), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Markus Sosnowski (TUM), Matt Saner (Amazon), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto Networks), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Rahul Parwani (Airia), Sharath Rajasekar (Javelin), Tobias Boelter (Harvey), Vincent Gebes (GenLab)

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Vinay Bansal (Cisco alternate), Jeff Borek (IBM alternate), Christian Falco (TrojAI), Casey Hall )MC co-chair)

*Quorum: 41 PGB members, 29 are currently eligible to vote and count towards quorum: 15 needed for quorum*

## Agenda

* Status of CodeGuard Donation  
* TSC update  
* Budget update / [2025 spending report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1advVBncovjCMcrpn66HlQrWi8tEs8mZxQz36SYrrliw/edit?usp=sharing)  
* Marketing Committee Update  
* Date for January PGB meeting (keep January 5 or move it one week?)  
* AOB

### Meeting Notes

* **Welcome of New Members**   
  * Two new PGB members were introduced: Ariana Fowler from Equity Labs and Jian Wang from Huawei.  
* **Project Code Guard Donation Status**  
  * Omar provided an update on the Project Code Guard donation, stating that the proposal was met with support and no objections by the PGB. David expressed enthusiasm for the acceptance and highlighted that Cisco is dedicating additional resources to the support of Code Guard, including three developers.  
  * David discussed the plan to integrate the Code Guard donation into WS3 as a new SIG. WS3’s scope will be slightly expanded to include "governance and enforcement".  
* **Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Update**   
  * David shared an update from the TSC regarding the need for outcomes beyond just Markdown files, specifically the desire to produce PDF outputs through CI/CD to better reach audiences like CISOs. Omar agreed on the importance of balancing formats for both human readers and agents. David emphasized that the Markdown files will remain the source of truth for AI enablement, while PDFs cater to a specific audience.  
* **Budget Update and Remaining Funds**  
  * Claudia provided a brief update on the budget, noting that substantial funds are still available from the premier pooled money, with only about $50,000 spent. Claudia, Kelly and Ingrid are preparing a proposal for how to spend the remaining funds, which is expected to be ready for the executive steering committee meeting next week or the first PGB meeting of the new year.  
  * David suggested exploring in-person events and different outreach initiatives using the available funds, anticipating better focus and impact in year two. Vinay proposed funding graduate or PhD students at universities to help build concrete code frameworks like telemetry, rather than just documentation. Jason supported academic collaboration but raised concerns about the timeline, suggesting a focus on faster deliverables.  
  * Jason inquired about the approval process for a high-impact initiative requiring significant funding. Kelly clarified that all renewing premier sponsors must agree to pool their funds, and then the entire PGB must approve the spend through a full majority vote.  
* **Marketing Committee Update**  
  * Casey provided an update from the Marketing Committee, reporting that a draft blog post supporting the WS4 MCP security paper is currently under review. They have also been tasked with reformatting papers into a PDF layout for broader distribution, a process they expect to be straightforward, and will present options to the group.  
  * Casey also presented a plan to launch a podcast/vlog to increase engagement cadence beyond white papers. The concept includes both deep-dive thought leadership episodes with panels and shorter educational segments on AI security landscape updates, with content distributed via YouTube and snippets on platforms like LinkedIn.  
  * J.R. suggested making the podcast topics reactive to current events and headlines, linking them back to CoSAI's best practices and ongoing efforts. David emphasized that the most crucial element for the podcast's success is finding the right host who is topical in the space and a good moderator. Omar agreed, highlighting the need to extract concise, high-impact clips from longer discussions to produce modern, creative content.  
* **January PGB Meeting Date**   
  * A quick poll was conducted regarding the date for the January PGB meeting, offering a choice between January 5th or January 12th. The results indicated a preference for January 12th.  
* **Call for Engagement and New Contributors**   
  * David stressed the importance of PGB and TSC members evaluating their ability to continue attending and, if necessary, bringing in alternates for year two engagement. He strongly encouraged organizations to contribute individuals to the new SIG for AI-assisted coding to achieve a wider breadth of participation.  
* **Discussion of In-Person Working Sessions**  
  * The group discussed the potential value of organizing an in-person, semi-in-person, or rotating working session in January or February to accelerate progress. David requested input on what type of in-person activity would be most helpful and useful.  
* **Updates on CoSAI-RM and MCP Paper Publication**  
  * David mentioned ongoing work with the CoSAI-RM SIG. He also mentioned the impending publication of the MCP Security paper from WS4. Claudia confirmed that the MCP paper review period received comprehensive feedback, which is being incorporated; this may push the TSC ballot and subsequent PGB call for objections to the week before Christmas. Omar emphasized the importance of storytelling around the MCP paper, highlighting the partnership with creators like Anthropic.

### Next steps

* Omar will carry the discussion on collaborating with the academic community for building frameworks to the TSC.  
* Casey and Ingrid will share the draft blog post supporting the MCP Security paper for further review and come back with some options for a PDF format of the white papers.  
* David will work with Ian and Sarah to get the risks and controls from the MCP paper embedded into the CoSAI-RM.  
* Claudia, Ingrid, and Kelly will work on a proposal for spending available funds, aiming to have it ready for the executive steering committee meeting next week or the first PGB meeting of the new year.

