# CoSAI PGB Meeting -- DRAFT

## Date: 12 January 2026

**Present: David LaBianca (Google), Omar Santos (Cisco), David Girard (Trend Micro),Sarah Liang (EY), Scott Bratsman (Meta), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Konstantin Böttinger (Fraunhofer AISEC), Ariana Fowler (EQTY Lab), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Art Ehuan (Duke), JR Rao (IBM),** **Jennings Aske (Sailpoint), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI),** **Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Prutha Parikh (Cohere),** **Vineet Kumar (CyberPeace \- left 30 min in),** Non-voting:  Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer), Rahul Parwani (Airia)

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror),Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), **Jian Wang (Huawei),** Kevin Ha (CipherData), **Manish Garg (VE3), Manoj Parmar (Sovereign AISecurity),** Markus Sosnowski (TUM), **Matt Saner (Amazon), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Nidhi Aggarwal (HackerOne), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Sharath Rajasekar (Javelin), Sunil Mallik (Paypal),** Tobias Boelter (Harvey), **Vincent Gebes (GenLab),** 

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Vinay Bansal (Cisco alternate), Jeff Borek (IBM alternate), Christian Falco (TrojAI alternate), Casey Hall (MC co-chair), Barak Sharoni (Wiz alternate), Cindy Valledares (OASIS), Cathie Mayo (OASIS)

*Quorum: 41 PGB members, 30 are currently eligible to vote and count towards quorum: 16 needed for quorum*

## Agenda

* Introduction of new PGB members   
* Status of MCP Security paper and promotion of this paper  
* Discussion about spending proposal, [see document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jqAENwRhOLNZROtJiMuXRRCmfjePofuaYUdCmtKQ3qs/edit?usp=sharing)  
  * Decision and feedback about priority items  
* [RSA proposal](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-QnCkMnU0F1AXC3A37xwPUdLaH89WM0c/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=110236580463039784938&rtpof=true&sd=true) (Cindy – OASIS marketing)   
* TSC Update  
* Call to Action: Amplification of CoSAI deliverables\_  
* Updates on other initiatives:  
  * AI Alliance  
  * OWASP  
  * CSA  
  * NSF UCSB Action Institute  
* AOB

## Meeting Notes

* **Introduction of New PGB Members**  
  * David L. welcomed attendees and initiated introductions for new members who had not attended before. Scott Bratsman, Director of Product Management and Security at Meta, introduced himself following Meta's joining as a premier sponsor. Rahul Parwani introduced themself as the head of product for AI governance and security at Airia.  
* **Status of the MCP Security Paper**  
  * David L. discussed the status of the MCP security paper, which was completed in December, and its publication, marketing, and media promotion efforts. Casey from the marketing committee stated that the blog post was ready for publication, and social promotions were underway. Ingrid reported that she expected to hear from Anthropic later the same day regarding the collaborative marketing .  
* **Discussion on Spending Proposal Document**   
  * Kelly led a discussion on a proposal document outlining how to spend existing premier dues, which included rollover funds from the previous year. She noted that the document compiled ideas from the TSC, PGB groups, and work streams, and currently lacked specific dollar amounts. The plan was to gather feedback from the PGB on prioritization, after which the OASIS staff would work with chairs and the executive steering committee to assign numbers and bring the proposal back for a vote.  
  * David L. suggested using a poll to gather priority feedback on the spending proposals instead of only relying on email to the list or comments in the document. Kelly agreed with the poll idea, suggesting that it would include an open-ended section for details and additions, and that the OASIS team aimed to send the poll out within a day or so, allowing about a week for feedback.  
* **RSA Event Spending Proposal**   
  * Kelly segued the discussion to a dedicated section of the spending proposal focused on the RSA 2026 conference, handing it over to Cindy to present the detail. Cindy, contracted to help with the RSA event, outlined the high-level objectives for RSA, which included elevating visibility and credibility, positioning the group as a secure AI thought leader, and growing membership and engagement.  
  * Cindy detailed the strategic focus for RSA, including exclusive events and brand awareness, and mentioned plans to report on the activation metrics and KPIs. Planned activations included leading with a trends report based on an OASIS member survey to influence security and AI conversations and proactively engaging with potential members ahead of time. Malcolm recommended expanding the survey beyond CoSAI members, to which Cindy clarified that the initial focus was on all OASIS members.  
  * Cindy requested a budget allocation of $40,000 to achieve the proactive engagement and branding goals for RSA, noting that OASIS was already investing in the booth and staff. The planned activities during RSA included a partner perspective talk, exclusive panel discussions, and business development meetings. J.R. clarified that the proposed panel discussion and related events would be exclusive, offsite gatherings, not part of the regular RSA scheduled events, and that the requested funds were for this, as well as media outreach.  
  * Sarah emphasized the need for a proactive approach to the RSA event, including identifying specific targets for meetings ahead of time and securing commitments from PGB members.  
  * Jason asked if a verbal ascent from PGB voting members was sufficient for approval, to which Claudia confirmed that quorum was met, but a full majority vote of at least 16 yes votes was required. David L. created a poll for the vote. Rahul inquired about the value of the off-site versus the booth, and Cindy explained that the booth, which was already agreed upon and an OASIS investment, would be leveraged to engage and invite people to the exclusive off-site events. The vote on the $40,000 budget for the RSA activities passed with 16 "yes" votes.  
* **TSC Update**  
  * J.R. provided an update from the TSC and the workstreams, confirming the release of the MCP security paper in partnership with Anthropic, and noted that WS4 was developing a point of view on agentic identity. He stated that WS2 was finalizing two papers: on the shared responsibility model and zero trust, while WS1 was focusing on model signing maturity levels, expected to be ready in February. J.R. noted that WS3 was maturing the CoSAI-RM framework, ensuring all work streams feed controls into it.  
  * J.R.  also touched on a proposal for a new SIG focused on security for AI-assisted code development, which is currently being brainstormed. David L. stressed the need to quickly gain traction for this new SIG, potentially through a hybrid, multi-hour, or full-day kickoff event. He emphasized that the larger plan is to accelerate execution, get work done faster, and produce outputs more quickly in response to community feedback.  
* **Use of AI Tools and Outputs**  
  * Daniel sought clarification on whether the use of AI tools for document generation and other workflows was allowed to help teams accelerate their work. Claudia confirmed that a statement on this had been voted on and published previously. Ariana asked for clarification on the types of desired outputs from the steering committee. David L. clarified that the intent is to produce guidance documents, tools, policy statements, and regulations that can be quickly used, and these outputs would be codified into the CoSAI Risk Map.  
  * Daniel emphasized the importance of developing tools that execute governance and collect evidence, rather than solely producing lengthy documents. Omar supported this, noting that artifacts should be consumable by AI tools and agents, and stressed the need for cross-pollination between work streams to accelerate development and demonstrate internal use by member companies. David L. suggested that renaming WS3 might be necessary once the new SIG lands there, to better reflect its scope.  
  * David asked all members to amplify the release of CoSAI deliverables through various platforms, as their collective voices are stronger than the project's voice alone. He also thanked Omar for his blog post on operationalizing CoSAI-RM.  
* **External Project Alignment and Collaborations**   
  * David L. updated the group on efforts to establish structural alignment with external projects that have analogous or adjacent spaces. He confirmed that OWASP has joined as a non-voting TSC member and that a similar arrangement with the AI Alliance is nearing completion. David L. also noted that conversations are progressing with the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) for a similar non-voting TSC seat, focusing on leveraging their expertise in governance and mapping CoSAI-RM into their matrices.  
* **Engagement with NSF UCSB Action Institute**  
  * J.R. provided a detailed overview of the Action Institute, funded by the National Science Foundation, IBM, and the Department of Homeland Security, which focuses on agent-based cyber threat intelligence. J.R. explained that the institute involves leading faculty from various universities and works on building AI stacks for intelligent security agents and applying them across the cyber defense life cycle. He noted that CoSAI is seeking to connect with the Institute's leadership to facilitate a dialogue between academia and industry at a scalable level.  
* **Global Expansion and Membership Drive**  
  * David L. stressed the ongoing need to expand global membership and add international voices to ensure broad coverage of the problem domain. He requested that PGB members leverage their connections to bring in entities globally who have expertise in securing AI or are users facing AI security challenges. The goal is to encourage participation in the work groups and streams, even if the entities do not join as paying members.

## Action Items

* Kelly will create and distribute a poll to gather feedback from PGB members on prioritizing items in the spending proposal document, with a goal to provide feedback within a week.  
* Cindy, Sarah and Jason will identify specific targets for meetings at RSA  
* J.R., Omar and David L. will come up with a proposal for the PGB on how to kick off the new SIG on secure application life cycle.  
  
