# CoSAI PGB Meeting 

## Date: 13 July 2026

**Attending:** **Jian Wang (Huawei), Marina Zeldin (Dell), Vincent Danen (Red Hat \- left 25 min. in), Rock Lambros (Zenity), Konstantin Böttinger (Fraunhofer AISEC), David LaBianca (Google), James Norberg (Humana – left 30 min. in), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI –left 30 min. in), Rob Michel (Lenovo \- left 30 min. in), Matt Saner (Amazon \- left 30 min. in),  Rahul Parwani (Airia),** **Art Ehuan (Duke), Jason Clinton (Anthropic),**  **J.R. Rao (IBM), Yisroel Mirsky (BGU), Ariana Fowler (EQTY Lab),  Alex Knol (TuxCare \- left 30 min. in), Anand Salodkar (CompFly),** **Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Sunil Mallik (Paypal), Guy Arazi (Nebari – joined 35 min in),**

**Guests:** Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Jen Walker (OASIS), Dalton House (Trend AI alternate), Casey Hall (MC lead), Mo Sadek (Alice alternate), Michael Roman (Duke alternate)

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), **Dan Lahav (Irregular), David Girard (Trend AI),**  Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler)**, Iftach Orr (Alice), James Stewart (TrojAI), Jennings Aske (Sailpoint),Kamel Adi (UQO),** Manish Garg (VE3), **Manoj Parmar (Sovereign AISecurity),** Markus Sosnowski (TUM), **Mike Tan (Cranium), Mohamed Osman (QuilrAI), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Nidhi Aggarwal (HackerOne), Omar Santos (Cisco), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Prutha Parikh (Cohere),** Scott Bratsman (Meta)**, Sarah Liang (EY), Sharath Rajasekar (Javelin),** Tobias Boelter (Harvey), **Vincent Gebes (GenLab), Vineet Kumar (CyberPeace),** 

*Quorum: 49 PGB members, 38 members are currently eligible to vote and count towards quorum: 20 needed for quorum; Name in bold indicates a voting member.*

## Agenda

* Call for Co-chair Nominations: PGB, TSC, MC  
* [Government outreach](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oyn7taLS5kLXUNwLvAWdICEb6Y3J-AZF7Abva-0k9zY/edit?usp=sharing) next steps  
* Engagement with external groups   
* [CoSAI Meeting Record Enhancement Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1C2O8QLGxrnIrZSbzUdK1tqOVQdJbbovoLP0mGnaBgBA/edit?usp=sharing)    
* Budget Proposal Update  
* AOB

## Summary

* **Meeting Opening:** David L. opened the session and introduced Jen Walker, the new COO of OASIS, who shared a brief introduction and welcomed direct outreach from PGB members.  
* **Call for Committee Chair Volunteers:** David L. issued a call for co-chair volunteers across the PGB, TSC, and the Marketing Committee (MC).  
  * PGB co-chairs are elected or re-confirmed biennially by a Full Majority Vote of the PGB.  
  * Due to updated TSC governance requiring at least three co-chairs, there is a need for additional volunteers. TSC co-chairs are also elected or re-confirmed every two years by a Full Majority Vote of the TSC.  
  * MC chairs are appointed by the PGB via [Full Majority Vote](https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/oasis-defined-terms-2018-05-22/#dFullMajority) for one-year terms, with the possibility of indefinite re-appointment.  
* **CoSAI Meeting Record Enhancement Proposal:** The group discussed a proposal to update the meeting record policy, addressing concerns that sharing AI-generated summaries, transcripts, and recordings might deter active discussion due to privacy issues. David L. presented the draft "CoSAI Meeting Record Enhancement Proposal".  
  * Key elements of the proposal include:  
    * Disabling full transcripts for all meetings, except for TSC and PGB sessions  
    * Continuing to provide meeting summaries with attribution  
    * Limiting recording retention to 14 days  
    * Implementing Chatham House Rules for specific topics and under certain circumstances  
  * The proposal is currently open for feedback from PGB members and is undergoing legal review by OASIS counsel.  
* **Update on Government Outreach Plans:** David L. reminded members to provide comments on the "CoSAI Outreach 2026: Brainstorming" document. Additionally, the co-chairs are collaborating with OASIS staff to evaluate CoSAI's potential participation in the Singapore International Cyber Week (SICW) in October.  
* **Budget Proposal Update:** David and Omar are finalizing the 2026 budget proposal to prepare it for a PGB vote.  
* **ODIS proposal:** David L. asked Daniel to speak about the ODIS (Open Delegation & Identity Standard) proposal which was presented to WS4. There was a short discussion about organizing an event to bring together critical experts in this space. Jen committed to provide feedback regarding event support.  
* **Engagement with External Groups:** The group discussed formulating guidelines for CoSAI members when interacting with external organizations.Currently, multiple working groups coordinate with outside entities to align efforts, avoid duplication, and integrate existing standards, though CoSAI currently lacks formal written policies for these relationships.  
  * CoSAI does not yet have established written policies to govern these external collaborations.  
* **Any Other Business (AOB):** David shared a preview of a tool to display CoSAI's GitHub content via skills, currently under development for the CoSAI Risk Map repository.

### Action Items

* OASIS staff to share call for PGB, TSC and Marketing Committee co-chairs and voting process and deadline details to PGB list  
* David and Omar: Review and solidify 2026 budget proposal  
  
