# CoSAI PGB Meeting 

## Date: 2 February 2026

**Attending:**  
**JR Rao (IBM),** **Rahul Parwani (Airia)**, **Marina Zeldin (Dell), David LaBianca (Google), Omar Santos (Cisco), Art Ehuan (Duke \- left 30min. in), Konstantin BÃ¶ttinger (Fraunhofer AISEC), Jennings Aske (Sailpoint), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Scott Bratsman (Meta), Sarah Liang (EY), Dan Lahav (Irregular), Vineet Kumar (CyberPeace), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Rob Michel (Lenovo), Matt Saner (Amazon), Morgan Bjerke (Thomson Reuters),**  **Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA \- joined 35 min. in),** Non-voting: Malcolm Harkins (HiddenLayer),

**Regrets:** Alex Polyakov (Adversa AI), Alon Schindel (Wiz), **Ariana Fowler (EQTY Lab),** Dan Carroll (Cranium), Daphna Wegner (Magic Mirror),**David Girard (Trend Micro),** Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Jacob Lagerros (Ulyssean), James Stewart (TrojAI), **Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Jian Wang (Huawei),** Kevin Ha (CipherData), **Manish Garg (VE3), Manoj Parmar (Sovereign AISecurity),** Markus Sosnowski (TUM), **Nidhi Aggarwal (HackerOne), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Priyanka Tembey (Operant), Prutha Parikh (Cohere),** **Sharath Rajasekar (Javelin), Sunil Mallik (Paypal),** Tobias Boelter (Harvey), **Vincent Danen (Red Hat), Vincent Gebes (GenLab),** 

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Joy Medellin (MC co-lead TrendMicro), Jeff Borek (IBM alternate), Michael Roman (Duke alternate \- left early), Christian Falco (TrojAI alternate \- left early)

*Quorum: 41 PGB members, 31 are currently eligible to vote and count towards quorum: 16 needed for quorum, quorum met with 18 in attendance*

## Agenda

* Update on Budget Proposal Discussion from ExStC meeting, including the [Comms Support Role](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ki1Jp-Kcw9c-uADE5TqqK0m5BVyz2r4FVAkVaN_jFNE/edit?usp=sharing) (needs to be refined) and the overall [Premier Dues Budget Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19hGtL_0ctJcM7dRwZDeHyGWrsn-f_5vWZLwZNPvCvic/edit?usp=sharing)  
* TSC Update  
  * [Discussion on the two new SIGs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nAQLJVC9Ovjsmkqk-gnJbgGt3iwAbztgT-9-L0NXDF4/edit?tab=t.vzpo7apimlv6)  
  * Invitation to join the SIG launch meeting on Wednesday, Feb 4\.  
* CSA non-voting TSC membership; call for consensus if the meeting has quorum  
* Marketing Committee update  
* RSAC attendance poll and in-person working session on Monday  
* AOB

## Meeting Summary

* **Introduction of New PGB Members**  
  * David L. welcomed new members to the PGB.. Dan Lahav, Co-founder of Irregular, introduced himself as working on frontier AI security, including offensive cyber security evaluations and building security mitigations. Michael Roman from Duke also introduced himself as having recently joined Duke full-time to help build the AI and cyber security curriculum and direct the applied AI cyber lab.  
* **2026 Budget Proposal Discussion**  
  * The conversation moved to the 2026 budget proposal, which includes using a portion of premier member dues for CoSAI activities. Kelly mentioned that findings from a recent survey highlighted the need for community and outreach support, funding for in-person meetings, and resources for marketing committee initiatives like podcasting. She highlighted a key action item from the Executive Steering Committee meeting was to define the description and scope of the community engagement/outreach role.  
* **Proposal for a Strategic Marketing and Outreach Role**  
  * David L. and Omar proposed a need for a very experienced individual focused on marketing strategy, user outreach, and engagement specifically for CoSAI. This role is envisioned as strategic, initially around 20 hours a week, to help CoSAI advance from the "crawl" stage to "walk" by refining its vision and story, especially following the departure of Jane from OASIS. Malcolm offered a lead for a person with corporate PR communication skills and suggested the role should primarily focus on PR, corporate communication, and community building, with about 20% on product marketing. David L. confirmed that if the budget is approved, the next steps would involve creating a detailed definitional statement and role scope, and leveraging the community to find the right candidate.  
* **Consensus on Non-Voting TSC Seat for Cloud Security Alliance (CSA)**  
  * David L. called for consensus on offering the CSA a non-voting Technical Steering Committee (TSC) seat. Omar and David L. strongly suggested this would help move CoSAI forward by leveraging their expertise, particularly in governance and enforcement conversations. The call for consensus passed with no objections raised.  
* **RSA Conference Engagement and Logistics**   
  * CSA also offered CoSAI a speaking slot during the Monday of RSAC week. Separately, J.R. announced that CoSAI will have two talks at the RSA conference this year: one at the TSC level covering the breadth of CoSAI's work, and the MCP security paper, which will also be presented at the MCP Dev Summit. Kelly suggested launching a poll to gauge PGB and TSC member attendance for an RSA working session on Monday and a breakfast co-hosted with Anthropic on Tuesday.  
* **TSC Update**  
  * J.R. provided an update on TSC activities, highlighting the central role of two new Special Interest Groups (SIGs). SIG 1, launching with a hybrid kickoff on February 4th, focuses on AI-assisted code, covering adaptive control frameworks, tooling, reference architecture, and hardening methodology, residing in WS3. SIG 2 will focus on the secure life cycle of using agents, including concepts like data diodes and sandboxes.  
  * J.R. also reported that WS1 continues work on maturity levels for model signing and AI artifact signing/attestation. WS2 is wrapping up reviews of the shared responsibility framework and the zero-trust model, and has started work on AI telemetry. WS3 is involved with the CoSAI Risk Map (CoSAI-RM) framework and is proactively collaborating with NIST on mapping CoSAI's AI personas to the NIST Risk Management Framework and AI S-BOMs to avoid confusing the consumer community.  
  * Morgan inquired whether WS3 is looking at common artifacts for normalizing trust in AI, such as model cards or AI fact sheets. J.R. confirmed that CoSAI is inductively working towards crystallizing workstream efforts into a set of controls that will be normalized and surfaced as controls, aligning with the NIST Risk Management Framework. David L. noted that the goal is to get to a point where artifacts can be highlighted as part of a provenance statement, like a level one control, as the work progresses.  
  * Omar and David L. emphasized using the [CoSAI-RM GitHub issues](https://github.com/cosai-oasis/secure-ai-tooling/issues) for community engagement on bugs or new feature development. David L. highlighted that CoSAI-RM now includes table views for easier engagement with the risk map and is incorporating persona tables..  
* **Marketing Committee and PR Updates**   
  * Joy, a co-lead for the marketing committee, reported that their current focus is the Fireside podcast series and the PDF project. Ingrid shared that the PR for the MCP security paper went out last week and that the Meta join announcement PR is scheduled for release. She also noted significant positive external amplification of the MCP security paper.  
* **Urgent Need for Agent Control Guidance and Blog Post**  
  * David L. and Omar discussed the importance of a timely blog post, potentially building on the Secure Agent Principles, to address recent developments like incidents caused by the usage of "clawed bot" and to reinforce the need for controls around agent development and ecosystems. Rahul and Daniel agreed that this is an ongoing issue with personal AI agents exhibiting excessive agency, and CoSAI should act quickly. It was suggested to quickly draft a post highlighting how CoSAI's principles and CoSAI-RM apply to such cases. Omar noted that they had recently pushed the MCP guidance into CoSAI's Codeguard project skills and rules to programmatically assist coding agents in absorbing guidance.  
* **Event Invitation and Next Steps**  
  * Vineet shared that they are organizing a [Global CyberPeace Summit](https://www.cyberpeacesummit.com) 2026 on February 10th, and would like to set up a CoSAI booth.   
  * David L. summarized key actions, including participation in the SIG launch, completing the RSA attendance poll, providing budget feedback, reviewing CoSAI RM updates, and engaging with the marketing committee. A time was set up to brainstorm the fast-response blog post.

## Action Items

* All: comment on and clarify Marketing Comms role  
* All: please provide feedback on CoSAI Budget proposal

