# **CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes**

# Date: 17 November 2025 --DRAFT

**Attendees:**  Omar Santos (Cisco), David LaBianca (Google), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), JR Rao (IBM), Matt Saner (Amazon, dropped 30 min. in), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), 

**Regrets:** Barak Sharoni (Wiz), David Girard (Trend Micro), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Jen Silk (Paypal),  Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI),Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Sarah Liang (EY), Spencer Thellmann (PANW), Vincent Gebes (GenLab)

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Casey Hall (Cisco), Jeff Borek (IBM), Joy Medellin (TrendMicro), 

## Agenda

* [CodeGuard Donation Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q1bn7hRPOHJBmFSMRpNbXWhrIjWyic2r4c_t6bbRA48/edit?usp=sharing)  
* Proposed WS5 incorporating CodeGuard Donation  
* Marketing Update:  Fireside Chat Podcast series preliminary plan  
* AOB

## Summary

**CodeGuard Project Overview and Open Sourcing:** 

* Omar provided an overview of Project CodeGuard, noting it was originally open-sourced by Cisco and is based on a set of AI agent coding rules that can be applied in various environments. The goal of open sourcing CodeGuard is based on two primary reasons: first, the rules are derived from OWASP best practices, and second, the project features a translation component to various platforms like Cursor, Copilot, and Claude Code, Codex, etc., allowing engineers to focus on the natural language rules and examples. He explained that the project aims to enforce these rules before, during, and after code generation, including for planning, preventing vulnerabilities, and code review.  

**CodeGuard Implementation Details and Roadmap:** 

* Omar detailed that CodeGuard manages the context window dilemma by making non-negotiable items, such as hardcoded credentials, "always on" and utilizes globe rules based on file or language type to optimize rule invocation. The initial release includes a rule library, automated translation code supported by GitHub actions, core documentation, and getting started guides. The expansion roadmap for the next two to three months involves an extended rule library.  
* **Perspective on CodeGuard and Future Work:** David highlighted two opportunities within CodeGuard: the execution framework and the material, longer-lived element of the actual codified rules, which he sees as the more persistent value. He linked the CodeGuard discussion to the potential Workstream 5 on "securely coding with AI," suggesting that if the group moves forward with Workstream 5, adopting CodeGuard would provide a substantial foundation to build upon. Omar confirmed Cisco's commitment, noting they have at least three people dedicated to the project and are open to renaming it and having community contributions beyond Cisco.

**Collaboration with OWASP on CodeGuard:** 

* Omar suggested an opportunity for collaboration with OWASP, given their best practices align with CodeGuard, potentially allowing for crowdsourcing rule creation through the OWASP community and positioning CodeGuard as an initiative endorsed by CoSAI. Daniel and David viewed this as a way to showcase joint efforts, where OWASP could focus on bottom-up identification of issues and CoSAI on enterprise and metadata encoding, but emphasized that the ultimate goal is enabling the ecosystem regardless of where the work lives.  
* David stressed the need for strong, opinionated feedback from participants on CodeGuard and future proposals, urging them to move beyond a "consent" or "no response" approach. Matt supported increased prescription from CoSAI and applauded Cisco's efforts to bring the project into the community.

**Workstream 5 Proposal Discussion:** 

* The conversation moved to the proposal for Workstream 5 which focuses on the security of AI-assisted code development. J.R. explained that this topic has been under discussion since August and has been ranked highly for year two challenges. J.R. also mentioned the widening scope to potentially include the security of the Agent Development Life Cycle (ADLC).

* David highlighted the difficulty in finding engaged workstream leads and suggested that four workstreams might be the maximum the group can effectively manage. He proposed structuring the new efforts as Special Interest Groups (SIGs) under existing workstreams, as SIGs appear to have more success with targeted efforts and have a lower governance overhead, only requiring TSC approval rather than full PGB voting. Ingrid confirmed that SIGs typically sit under workstreams and can later transition into a full workstream if warranted.

* J.R. presented two abstract ideas: one on the security of AI-assisted code development and the other on the security for the agent development life cycle (ADLC). David advocated for prioritizing both topics, provided they target an initial deliverable that is usable, such as a configuration file or tool, rather than solely a landscape paper, which is a concern with the ADLC abstract. Daniel supported moving forward with SIGs, viewing these topics as case studies.

**Proposal for CodeGuard and New SIGs:**

* David proposed submitting a recommendation to the PGB to accept the CodeGuard donation and for the TSC to concurrently spin up two SIGs. One SIG would focus on the agent security life cycle, and the other on CodeGuard (potentially under a new name), with J.R. and Akila determining the optimal placement within existing workstreams. 

* Nicholas indicated a need to discuss the artifact approach internally within Microsoft , promising to circle back with David and Omar after Thanksgiving to potentially plan collaboration.

**Launch of CoSAI Podcast/Vlog Series:** 

* Joy and Casey introduced a plan to launch a new podcast series, structured as a vlog, which will be hosted on a CoSAI YouTube channel to leverage searchability and impact. They aim for a high cadence, ideally monthly, and requested feedback and engagement from the community, noting that the moderator's role is crucial for success. David acknowledged the value of the idea but cautioned that it requires a significant investment and strong leads to execute well.

* J.R. emphasized the importance of identifying a moderator early for podcast efforts, suggesting that this would be beneficial for highlighting key messages. David proposed exploring the idea of bringing the CoSAI message to established security and AI podcasts, leveraging the names and voices within the group, referencing a previous effort with OpenSSF. David suggested that pursuing two or three such engagements could indicate if there is sustained interest from other communities.

* Daniel asked for clarification on the target audience and a clear definition of success, suggesting it should involve measurable outcomes like increased CoSAI adoption rather than just monthly activity. Joy stated that the primary objective is CoSAI equity, surpassing mere awareness, as they aim to establish the organization in the space. Casey added that success should also involve improving "share of voice in the space," which is a measurable quantity, and helping to build CoSAI by encouraging new members and providing value to existing members.

* Daniel stressed the need for precision regarding the audience and goals to ensure agreement among the group. Joy acknowledged that the unique group within CoSAI makes it worthwhile to highlight their strengths. 

* David announced a future update on proposed work within ML Commons, noting that while not directly overlapping, there may be opportunities for collaboration if the work moves forward.

## Next Steps and Actions

* Omar will share the link to the CodeGuard proposal and road map after the meeting.  
* David and Omar will email the PGB with a proposal to accept the CodeGuard donation as part of the future AI-assisted code security SIG  
* David, Omar, and Nicholas will set up a meeting after Thanksgiving to plan out how to engage the Microsoft AI/GitHub side in the CodeGuard project collaboration.

