# CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes

## Date: 20 February 2025

**Attendees:** David LaBianca (Google),  Sarah Novotny (GenLab), Janice Tse (Paypal), Sean Morgan (Protect AI), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA),  Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), JR Rao (IBM), Sarah Liang (EY),  Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Jeffrey Borek (IBM)

**Regrets:** Omar Santos (Cisco), Barak Sharoni (Wiz), David Girard (Trend Micro), Omar Santos (Cisco), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Kapish Vanvairia (EY), Paul Vixie (Amazon), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Dustin Kirkland (Chainguard), 

**Guests:** Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Jim Cabral

## Agenda

* Premier funds spending/Funds pooling  
* Non-Sponsor seat assignments  
* Tech Editor resourcing

## Notes

* Premier funds update:  Moving forward.  David will send another round of emails to sponsors requesting formal approval (or not) to pool the members dues. All results will be compiled into a list of sponsors who have agreed to pool.  The approval process is still the same, pooling or not.   
  * Need to reach out to the Marketing Committee for budget needs.    
* The group discussed whether CoSAI should create a reactive policy team, staffed by Policy experts  to quickly react to policy related issues.    
* Link to the [CoSAI Marketing One Pager](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MRVThbc24gO8PmuvWHpBjLnTGuh-P807/view?usp=drive_link) (being updated to include recently joined sponsors) to help promote CoSAI to potential new members.  

* Discussion about outreach to non-US based companies

### ACTIONS:  

* **(Completed)** Dues update to PGB \+ follow up \- David will send another round of emails to sponsors requesting formal approval (or not) to pool the members dues. Call for approvals is due by Friday, Feb 28 2025  
  * Results of approval call will be shared with the ExSC and PGB  
* Pull together budget needs for Marketing, OASIS, etc.  
* Opportunities:  Follow up on RSA panel in collaboration with OWASP, CoSAI & Linux Foundation.    
* Revisit the need to form Policy Reactionary Committee
