# **CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes**

# Date: 15 September 2025 -- DRAFT

**Attendees:** Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Omar Santos (Cisco), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), David LaBianca (Google), Jeff Borek (IBM), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), JR Rao (IBM), Matt Saner (Amazon \- 15 min in), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel 15 min in), Sarah Liang (EY – 25 min. in), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA – joined 30 min. in), 

**Regrets:** Barak Sharoni (Wiz), David Girard (Trend Micro), Dhaval Parekh (ZScaler), Kapish Vanvairia (EY), Munish Khetrapal (Palo Alto NW), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), , Vidyut Naware (Paypal), Vincent Gebes (GenLab)

**Guests:** Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS)

## Agenda

* [Governance updates](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h2DMBbS79UNDsihe5TumD1sQGJTJtoi0yrinijTgaQY/edit?usp=sharing)  
* Publication of Jason’s Strategic Update Paper/Blog  
* AI Alliance thoughts/discussion from PGB  
* Software donations \- thoughts/initial discussion  
* AOB

## Summary

* **Publication of Jason Clinton's Document:** Jason stated that his document required minimal editing and suggested publishing it as a blog post with a preamble indicating it represents one viewpoint from the CoSAI community. David agreed that a blog post would be the fastest approach for publication, with the option to convert it into a white paper later. Omar supported this expedited approach, suggesting a follow-up to the initial blog post. Jason confirmed he would add a "to be continued" statement to the post. Claudia and Jason confirmed their readiness to publish the document this week with OASIS.

* **Governance Document Update and Review Process:** David explained that the governance document update aimed to clarify aspects and improve consistency, such as aligning TSC and PGB attendance rules. A key focus of the update is to significantly shorten the approval process from a serial, lengthy review to a more parallel and quicker one, ideally reducing the review time from 21 days to around 9-10 days. Kelly proposed an expedited ballot process for the governance document, with executive review this week and PGB review next week, allowing the new rules to be in effect by the October 6th meeting.

* Kelly clarified the structure of the governance document, noting it contains four tabs, including separate tabs for PGB and TSC governance, and a scratchpad area for inconsistencies to be resolved upon approval of the third tab. Kelly also introduced the concept of "major deliverables" versus "other deliverables" to differentiate between significant white papers and smaller items like blog posts, aiming to delegate review processes appropriately to streamline operations. Claudia added that many changes in the TSC and general governance documents are clarifying language,

* **Challenges with Time Zones for Global Participation:** David highlighted the increasing challenge of accommodating different time zones as CoSAI engages with entities from Australia, India, and other Asian countries. He suggested exploring strategies like alternating meeting times to ensure broader participation, acknowledging that the current governance changes do not fully address this issue but it remains a crucial consideration for the group.

* **Software Donations to CoSAI:** David initiated a discussion on whether CoSAI should have a more established position on accepting software donations, noting that the topic frequently arises. J.R. emphasized the need   to address how donated code would be maintained and kept up-to-date, Omar suggested establishing acceptance criteria for donations, such as requiring at least two or three member companies to commit to using or contributing to the software.

* Daniel expressed a strong view that CoSAI should not solely focus on documents but also embrace other artifacts like software, models, templates, and prompt archives, designing for their inclusion and maintenance from the outset. J.R. suggested starting with a few test cases, similar to the SAIF donation, to learn and develop a more formal process for software donations. David acknowledged the need to formalize a story around software donation, use, and building, potentially expanding it to include other artifacts as Daniel suggested.

* **AI Alliance Collaboration:** David introduced  the topic of potential collaboration with the AI Alliance  as discussed in last week’s PGB meeting. Jeffrey explained that the AI Alliance, which has grown to approximately 150 members including tech companies, academic institutions, and non-profits, seeks to join OASIS Open to eliminate duplication of effort and provide clarity on activities for both AI Alliance and CoSAI members. Jeffrey also provided a draft statement for consideration to facilitate this collaboration, which could be directed to a PGB for further review.

## Next Steps and Actions

* David will draft thoughts on software donation, use, and building for the next TSC or PGB meeting.  
* David and Omar will review Jeffrey’s AI Alliance statement.  

