# **CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes**

## Date 26 January 2026 -- DRAFT

**Attendees:** Omar Santos (Cisco), Nick Hamilton (OpenA – left 30 min .in), JR Rao (IBM), David LaBianca (Google), Sunil Mallik (PayPal \- left 30 min. in), Matt Saner (Amazon – left 30 min. in), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA – joined 20 min. in)

**Regrets:** Barak Sharoni (Wiz), David Girard (Trend Micro), Geoff Bibby (Snyk), Josiah Hagen (Trend Micro), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Sarah Liang (EY), Scott Bratsman (Meta), Vincent Gebes (GenLab)

**Guests:**  Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS), Jeff Borek (IBM alternate)

## Agenda

* Spending Proposal Priorities/Funds allocation  
  * Marketing, Engagement, and User Strategy Support / Staffing   
* New SIG kick-off  
* RSA co-located event/working session  
* TSC Non-Voting seat update & next steps (AI Alliance, CSA. NSF UCSB Action Institute)  
* ETSI standard and any opportunities for engagement

## Summary

* **Meeting Agenda and Introductions:** David outlined the meeting's agenda, prioritizing a spending proposal, discussion of the RSA collocated event working session, and introducing a concept for spending funds on dedicated marketing/community engagement support. Following these items, they planned to pivot to all TSC topics, including the new SIG, TSC non-voting, and standards and opportunities for engagement. 

* **CoSAI Budget Overview:** Kelly gave an update on the CoSAI budget proposal, previously shared with the PGB, noting that Premier Sponsors can dedicate $20,000 of their dues to CoSAI activities. The total budget requires a full PGB majority vote for spending. Kelly stated that coming out of year one, CoSAI has about $140,000 left to spend, with an expected additional $150,000 from renewing Premier Sponsors in year two, totaling upwards of approx. $300,000 available. The proposed spending priorities were informed by a survey that received fewer than a dozen, but consistent, responses.

* **Proposal for Dedicated Marketing and Community Engagement Support:** Kelly addressed the agenda topic of PR and comms support, highlighting a need to measure CoSAI's impact and deliverables, and pointing to a resource gap in community engagement. The proposal suggests using some CoSAI Premier dues to fund a resource with a defined scope focused on targeted community engagement and outreach, with measurable deliverables, rather than large conference booths. Omar and David emphasized the need for a dedicated resource to serve as a strategic thinking partner to drive forward strategy, community engagement, and measure success, noting the gap left after Jane's departure.

* **Discussion on Ideal Candidate for Strategic Support**:Jason sought clarification on whether the proposed resource would be a consultant or a full-time employee, preferring an FTE, and asked the group about the ideal candidate's profile. Omar suggested a balance of technical chops and outreach/social media skills, with an emphasis on measuring success and return on investment (ROI), preferably someone well known in the industry. Jason noted that the compensation for someone with all the desired skills would be high, suggesting it might consume all the allocated funds.

  * David suggested that due to the high compensation, a 20-hour a week contract might be a way to afford a person of the desired caliber. David described the ideal archetype as a product management & marketing individual.  The next step would be for the ExSC to create a crisp statement of work and clarify priorities, to scope the role description  and ensure affordability. Jason agreed, characterizing the role as a "storyteller". He emphasized the need to communicate to the candidates why working with CoSAI is a great future opportunity, which could potentially grow from a part-time to a full-time role.

  * J.R. affirmed the genuine need for this role, as CoSAI lacks a good sense of the reach of publications and  their impact. J.R. suggested making the initiative contingent on finding the right person, as the wrong candidate would be a waste of resources, while the right person would provide significant returns. David agreed, emphasizing that the search should focus on a "named person" with practice and experience, and that the exec team should help source the right candidate after PGB approval.

  * Kelly agreed to distill the conversation points into a document, highlighting the questions posed to the ExSC, and start working on this asynchronously, with the goal of providing a sketch to the PGB the following Monday. 

* **Next Steps for Budget and Planning:** Kelly also mentioned that other major feedback areas included in-person working events, which is primarily a logistics effort rather than a significant dollar expenditure. 

  * Other items included podcast production services and small website improvements, such as potentially gating paper downloads with a required email/industry/country input.

  * Daniel suggested looking into a hackathon-like event to augment and extend CoSAI's deliverables. David agreed, viewing this as part of a spectrum of in-person engagement, starting with getting CoSAI's own groups together for work sessions. 

  * David urged members to provide feedback on the budget document and identified the RSA event working session as the next topic.

* **RSA Working Session Planning:** Omar confirmed they had reserved conference room space at Cisco during RSA week and suggested Monday as the best day for a working session since it is typically less busy with customer meetings. Jason clarified that this is a working session, not the Tuesday breakfast. Omar Santos suggested a 2-3 hour session, preferably in the morning Pacific time, to maximize concentration. Sunil agreed with a morning session, suggesting starting around 11:00 AM to account for travel.

* **Logistics for RSA Working Session and SIG Kickoff:** David suggested Monday morning as a placeholder, with an RSVP process to gauge attendance. Omar noted they could host about 24 people in a room or more in an open area. The group determined the working group agenda should include PGB/TSC strategy and roadmap. Workstream leads will be included in the working session.

  * Omar also raised the question of scheduling an in-person/hybrid meeting for the new Special Interest Group (SIG) before RSA, proposing Wednesday, February 4th, for the hybrid SIG kickoff meeting, with rooms reserved in San Jose and Raleigh.

* **Next Steps for SIG Kickoff and Outreach:** J.R. provided an update on the new SIG, stating discussions focused on scoping the SIG to AI-assisted code development, anchoring it around Cisco's CodeGuard donation, and outreach to potential companies like Cursor and Anthropic. J.R. proposed a focused four-to-six-week effort with a readout at RSA. David proposed crafting an invitation email immediately with the target date of February 4th and the two-location hybrid format. Daniel agreed on the need to move quickly and mentioned outreach to Cursor's CTO, who expressed interest and received onboarding documentation.

* **TSC Non-Voting Seats and Academic Engagement:** David reported progress on TSC non-voting seats, confirming that the AI Alliance paperwork is complete and they are working on getting their TSC member sorted out. They also agreed to launch a call for consent to offer a non-voting seat to the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA). J.R. provided an overview of a planned collaboration with the UCSB Action Institute, a consortium of security faculty from premier universities. The first step will be a one-hour joint presentation session for the TSC on agentic AI security, which will be open to the entire PGB.

* **International Standards and Broader Engagement:** David noted that UK government contacts had reached out again regarding a conversation about cyber security standards for AI, following the recent release of an ETSI specification. David raised the strategic question of how CoSAI can demonstrate breadth beyond a U.S.-only academic focus and asked for feedback on the ETSI standard for potential inclusion in CoSAI-RM as a managed framework.

* **CoSAI's Role in Agentic Data Protection**: David introduced a question about whether CoSAI should engage in the domain of data protection in agentic ecosystems, focusing on technical controls like sandboxing and data gating.. Daniel agreed that CoSAI should play a role in this space, focusing on the generalized abstraction of data control, as agents require a reasonable set of controls due to the centrality of data. Jason suggested framing this work around "insider risk," treating AI agents the same way as rogue employees and applying existing technical controls like DLP and UEBA. J.R. provided a nuance, noting that human-centric controls like training won't work for agents, but technical controls are still applicable.

* **Timeliness and Industry Engagement on Enterprise Controls:** Daniel confirmed the timeliness and relevance of enterprise controls for data flow, stating that this question is "top of mind" as a set of enterprise controls with "almost universal engagement" among people building tools in the space.  He indicated that other entities are also working on this exact issue and that they could likely find others with a common cause to express perspectives.

* **Next Steps for a Technical Paper on Data Flow Controls:** David emphasized the urgency of moving forward on the topic of data flow controls, suggesting a short timeline for a technical paper due to its timeliness and relevance to labs dealing with high-risk scenarios. Jason offered to quickly generate a two-pager on the topic using their next-on release model and asked J.R. to take it to the TSC to gauge interest. Daniel mentioned that he had already written a four-pager on the subject, suggesting that synthesizing different perspectives across the existing content would be a useful exercise, as much of the necessary content likely already exists. David agreed that combining the perspectives of Jason and Daniel with J.R. involvement could lead to a successful outcome.

## Next Steps and Actions

* Claudia will work with Anthony to get the TSC member for AI Alliance onboarded.
* Kelly will distill the conversation regarding a comms resource into a document for asynchronous refinement and share it with the group on Tuesday.  
* David will figure out how to pull together a group offline for a 20-30 minute conversation around the above doc proposal to move it forward.  
* Kelly will follow up again with the Cloud Security Alliance regarding having a non-voting seat at the TSC and will launch the call for consent to offer it to them.  
* Jason will write a two-pager on  data flow controls and send it to J.R. to take to the TSC.

