# **CoSAI PGB Executive Steering Committee Meeting Minutes**

# Date 23 February 2026 -- DRAFT

**Attendees:** David LaBianca (Google), JR Rao (IBM), Jason Clinton (Anthropic), Nicholas Butts (Microsoft), Dhinesh Manoharan (Intel)

**Regrets:** Omar Santos (Cisco), Barak Sharoni (Wiz), David Girard (Trend Micro), Geoff Bibby (Snyk),  Daniel Rohrer (NVIDIA), Matt Saner (Amazon), Nick Hamilton (OpenAI), Prutha Parikh (Cohere), Sarah Liang (EY), Scott Bratsman (Meta), Sunil Mallik (PayPal), Vincent Gebes (GenLab)

**Guests:**  Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Ingrid Reis-Glass (OASIS), Kelly Cullinane (OASIS),

## Agenda

* [Budget Proposal/Community Engagement Support](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ki1Jp-Kcw9c-uADE5TqqK0m5BVyz2r4FVAkVaN_jFNE/edit?usp=sharing) \- please review/comment  
* CoSAI working session at RSAC  
* When should CoSAI engage in external discussions (ie. openclawd, maintainers getting "blogged about" by AI agents)  
* Non-Sponsor TSC Seats update/discussion  
* Proposal for CoSAI to sponsor a panel at InCyber Forum 2026, Lille, France, March 31 \- April 2  
* External Podcast opportunities

## Summary

**Planning the RSAC Working Session Agenda**: 

* Kelly initiated a discussion on planning the agenda for the RSAC working session. The intent is to start creating the agenda.The meeting is tentatively considered a PGB/TSC working session.  
* J.R. suggested including a readout of work from the Security of AI-assisted code SIG at the RSAC meeting, and David agreed that this would be beneficial. The session has approximately two or three hours set aside, and obtaining input on desired topics is necessary for soliciting broader participation.

* David suggested that the agenda should also include a discussion about SIG 2, the Security of Agent Development Lifecycle SIG. There is significant content to discuss, particularly around defining the scope and managing the rapid pace of change in the AI space. A critical topic for the RSAC session is a discussion of CoSAI's focus for the second half of the year, including deliverables, required efforts, and strategies for increasing engagement. J.R. proposed a discussion on the unique strengths and value proposition of the CoSAI compared to other forums, which could inform planning for year three as well.

**Feedback on the Budget and Community Engagement Role**: 

* Kelly reported that no comments were received on the proposed high-level vision for a community engagement resource after several reminders were sent. David proposed that due to the lack of email feedback, a live call for objections should be conducted during the next PGB meeting, after which they could move forward with writing up the content and start outreach to fill this role. This approach would also help determine the required funding allocation for community engagement role, and thereafter the remaining amount available for other areas of the overall CoSAI budget for 2026\.

**Alignment with External Groups and Future Direction**: 

* J.R. introduced the topic of the Linux Foundation's Agentic AI Foundation (AAIF) working group, expressing concern that the group's efforts might overlap with CoSAI workstreams. J.R. shared that this Linux Foundation focuses on areas such as identity, security, and governance, which means the limited pool of experts from respective companies might be stretched across both forums. It was agreed that this group should monitor the AAIF's activities to find complementarity areas.

* Jason and David discussed that other groups, particularly the Frontier Model Forum (FMF), have become heavily focused on AGI, suggesting that CoSAI should decide whether to go in the same direction.

**Proposal for External Guidance on Agent Security**: 

* Jason suggested that WS4 should develop and release a clear narrative about what successful agent security looks like to align with external groups like AAIF. This story could focus on security primitives like partitioning, principle of least privilege, and human-in-the-loop controls, using real-world examples. David supported this idea, suggesting that setting a clear pattern for thinking about agent work has significant value.

* The group discussed the relevance of recent real-world examples of agentic misalignment, such as the openclawd or "molt book" incident where an agent tried to submit a security patch to a GitHub repository. David and Jason agreed that these clear examples negate the need for hypotheticals and should be a topic of conversation, focusing on what thought leadership CoSAI can provide on navigating misaligned and unaligned agents.

**Supporting External Events and Collaboration in Europe**: 

* David presented an opportunity for CoSAI to co-sponsor a panel on secure AI at  InCyber Forum 2026, Lille, March 31st, a week after RSAC. This event aligns with the goal of increasing CoSAI's presence and security knowledge contribution in Europe. Nicholas supported the idea, and David committed to formally proposing this opportunity to the PGB for approval and panelist selection.

**Strategy for Non-Sponsor Members and External Communication**: 

* The group discussed the current three non-sponsor members (AI Alliance, OWASP, Cloud Security Alliance) and the potential for adding more, such as the UCSB Santa Barbara AI Action Institute. David asked whether the group should make a public announcement about these partnerships and how to best engage these non-sponsor members going forward, particularly in relation to groups like AAIF.

* J.R. stated that the success of engaging non-sponsor members hinges critically on the effectiveness of the group's conversations and impactful outcomes, relying heavily on the TSC's ability to generate high-impact decisions. Kelly flagged an email from Jim Reavis suggesting an announcement at the CSA summit during RSAC week, which could be an opportunity for CoSAI to build upon with the others. It was agreed that supporting CSA on this announcement requires an actionable response.

* The group discussed sharing the proposed agent story with AAIF, CSA, AI Alliance, and FMF to promote shared views and common terminology. Jason sent the one-pager outlining the narrative's core bullet points to the group, which David and J.R. would generalize to remove company specifics. This effort is seen as a way to update the group's strategy.

**Evaluating the Feasibility of a COSAI Podcast**: 

* The potential for starting a CoSAI podcast was discussed, with Jason expressing that internal communications approval makes it extremely difficult for him to engage. J.R. shared positive experiences with IBM's Security Intelligence podcast, highlighting that the moderator's skill is crucial for success and that a podcast could be a unique vehicle for amplifying CoSAI's message if done carefully.

* Ingrid suggested exploring external podcast opportunities, such as the Resilient Cyber podcast, to broadcast CoSAI's message without the overhead of starting a dedicated podcast. David agreed that this requires identifying the specific stories CoSAI wants to tell and who is authorized to speak for the group in these venues. They agreed to raise the idea of discussing an external podcast appearance regarding the MCP paper with the WS4 leads at the next TSC meeting.

**Next Steps for SIG 1 Launch**: 

* In closing, J.R. Rao inquired about the status/next steps for SIG 1, and David confirmed that the PGB/TSC needs to issue a formal call for leads for the SIG and then select a kickoff date. They plan to figure out who the co-leads will be this week, aiming to secure more than one lead.

## Next Steps and Actions

* David will present the one-pager on the secure AI panel in France to the PGB with a proposal to co-sponsor the event.

* David and J.R. will generalize Jasonâ€™s one-pager agent story before presenting to the PGB.  

* David / J.R. to issue a call for co-leads for the new AI Generated Code Security SIG
